docs: add publish command to getting started (#163)
electron-forge/electron-forge-docs: README.md

There are currently four first-party templates:

> - `webpack`
> - `webpack-typescript`
> - `vite`
> - `vite-typescript`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `webpack`
* `webpack-typescript`
* `vite`
* `vite-typescript`
```

## Publishing your app

> Now you have distributables that you can share with your users. If you run the `publish` script, Electron Forge will then publish the platform-specific distributables for you, using the publishing method of your choice. For example, if you are using GitHub as a publisher, you can install it using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have distributables that you can share with your users. If you run the `publish` script, Electron Forge will then publish the platform-specific distributables for you, using the publishing method of your choice. For example, if you want to publish your assets to GitHub, you can install it using:
```

```bash
npm install -D @electron-forge/publisher-github
```

> And then run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then run:
```

```bash
npm run publish
```

For more information on what publishers we currently support, check out the [Publishers](config/publishers/) documentation.

## Advanced Usage

Once you've got a basic app starting, building and publishing, it's time to add your custom configuration, which can be done in the `forge.config.js` file. Configuration options are specified in the [Configuration Docs](https://www.electronforge.io/configuration).

You can also check out the documentation on some of our more advanced features like:

> - [Adding plugins](config/plugins/)
> - [Debugging your app](advanced/debugging.md)
> - [Writing your own makers, publishers and plugins](advanced/extending-electron-forge/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Adding plugins](config/plugins/)
* [Debugging your app](advanced/debugging.md)
* [Writing your own makers, publishers and plugins](advanced/extending-electron-forge/)
```
